1.

First, for all of these problems, I created a helper function that parsed through the list of student IDs and added it to an array for easy access.
My approach for this problem was to first initialize an empty array that I will fill with the IDs of students who skipped more than 7 brunch/lunch or dinner meals in a week at least twice. Then, I created a dictionary with the key being the ID, and the value being a 5 element array. For the first 4 elements of this array, each element represents the number of total brunch/lunch and dinners this student ate in that week (there are 28 days, so 4 weeks). Then, I looped through the door_data file, looking for each time the relevant student IDs came up. I checked all dining hall swipe-ins during brunch/lunch and dinner hours, and incremented the appropriate array element in the dictionary according to which week it was (calculated by the day numbers). There are 14 total brunch/lunch and dinners in a week, so if a student ate less than 7 meals in a week, then I would increment the 5th element of their corresponding array in the dictionary. Finally, I looped through the dictionary again, and added the keys (student IDs) of students whose 5th element was greater than or equal to 2 (they skipped more than 7 meals in a week at least twice) to the original initialized array.

2.

I took a similar approach here as I did in problem 1, but first I created a list of all the school buildings that were type 1 or 2 (academic or library), counting swiping into those building as attending a class or academic activity. Then again, I created a dictionary with the same principles as in problem 1, except I did not include the 5th element for counting, as it is unnecessary here. I looped through door_data.csv, looking for the relevant students, and incrementing the appropriate array element if they had attended a class or academic activity for each week. Then, I looped through this array within the dictionary, and if any of the elements were zero, I added that key (student ID) to the initialized list of students who skipped all classes and academic activities for a week.

3.

I am continuing taking the same approach. I solved this question almost exactly the same way I solved question 2, swapping out looking for academic buildings for residential buildings (type 3). This time, my dictionary's values were not arrays, because I didn't need to count based on weeks, but just the total over 28 days. So, it was just a single number that I incremented each time a student swiped into a residential college during the specified days and times. 

4.

I repeated the same approach as number 1. and 2., including using the last element of the array in the dictionary as a counter. However, instead of having 5 array elements, where 4 of them represented weeks, I used 29 array elements, where 28 of them represented each day. Then, I basically just looped through door_data.csv, and if there was any swipe activity, I would increment the corresponding array element number. So, for example, if there was swipe activity for a certain student on day 15, the 15th element of the corresponding array would be incremented by 1. I interpreted the question this way, meaning that if there was any swipe activity at all during a calendar day (from minute 0 to minute 1439), then it would fulfill the specs of no dining hall swiping or appearing to leave a residential college. 

Overall, I recognize that these methods are not the fastest, but I hoped that using a dictionary would at least rectify that a little, as I could not optimize fully.